[CBRD-23493] thread related parameters (#76)
CUBRID/cubrid-manual: en/admin/config.rst

      
        1, NULL

.. _thread-parameters:

Thread-Related Parameters
-------------------------

> Thread managemenet can be confirued by threads parameters. The type and value range for each parameter are as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thread management can be configured by threads parameters. The type and value range for each parameter are as follows:
```

| thread_worker_timeout_seconds         | int    | 300               | -1       | 3600     |
+---------------------------------------+--------+-------------------+----------+----------+
| loaddb_worker_count                   | bool   | 8                 | 2        | 64       |
+---------------------------------------+--------+-------------------+----------+----------+

**thread_connection_pooling**

    If **thread_connection_pooling** parameter is true, all threads used for client connection management are pooled on server boot.

**thread_connection_timeout_seconds**

    **thread_connection_timeout_seconds** is a parameter that configures \
    \wait time before stopping for threads handling connection management. \
    \After closing a connection, the thread will wait the value of the \
    \parameter expressed in seconds to be assigned a new connection. If no \
    \connection is assigned and the wait time expires, the thread stops. \
    \Another thread may be started the next time a connection comes. \
    \If parameter value is **-1**, threads never stop. They sleep until \
    \they are given a new assignment.

**thread_worker_pooling**

>     If **thread_connection_pooling** parameter is true, all threads used for client requests execution are pooled on server boot.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    If **thread_worker_pooling** parameter is true, all threads used for client requests work execution are pooled on server boot.
```

>     If **thread_connection_pooling** parameter is true, all threads used for client requests execution are pooled on server boot.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If **thread_worker_pooling** parameter is true, all threads used for client requests execution are pooled on server boot.
```

**thread_worker_timeout_seconds**

    **thread_worker_timeout_seconds** is a parameter that configures \

>     \wait time before stopping for threads handling client requests. \

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    \wait time before stopping for threads handling work execution. \
```

>     \After executing a request, the thread will wait the value of the \

Reviewer 2: Now, the worker threads only handle client requests work, but in we may push other work which is not originated by client. What about reformulating to give a more generic meaning ?

Author: I am afraid "work" would be too generic and thus without real meaning.

Reviewer: I support "client request:".

Author: Ok, let's keep client request for now. If in the future pool is changed to do something else, we can think of better naming.
